README.md, before:

# Redux / React-Redux Module
## Summary
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) is a predictable state container to help manage application state. 
It modifies the [Flux architecture](https://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/overview.html) introduced by Facebook to further enforce unidirectional data flow. 
Although Redux can be used without React, it is often used in conjuction with [React-Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux) to build scalable web applications.

In this module, you will build an application with React, then refactor it to incorperate Redux.

## React Overview


### Stateless Functional Components
[Stateless functional components](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/reusable-components.html#stateless-functions) were introduced in  [React's 0.14 release](https://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/10/07/react-v0.14.html). 
Instead of using the `React.createClass` method or ES6 classes, components are written as functions with props as the parameter. 

A stateless functional component is essentially just the render method of a React class. 
By stripping everything else away, you get a simpler way to make React components, albeit with a few limitations.

#### Pros

* No need to use this `this` keyword! You don't have to deal with state / methods, and your props are passed in as a parameter.
* Less boilerplate. As your component is simply a function, free of the contraints of a React component class, the amount of boilerplate in creating a stateless functional component is greatly reduced.
This makes it so the resulting code for you component is concise and and clear.
* Clearly seperates your concerns. This is important when you're seperating your application into container and presentational components.

#### Cons
* No way to retain internal state.
* No access to component lifecycle methods (ie ComponentDidMount).

### Container vs Presentational Components


## Redux

### Actions

### Reducers

### Store

## Getting Started

Commit message:

added container vs presentational component brief

README.md, after:

# Redux / React-Redux Module
## Summary
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) is a predictable state container to help manage application state. 
It modifies the [Flux architecture](https://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/overview.html) introduced by Facebook to further enforce unidirectional data flow. 
Although Redux can be used without React, it is often used in conjuction with [React-Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/react-redux) to build scalable web applications.

In this module, you will build an application with React, then refactor it to incorperate Redux.

## React Overview


### Stateless Functional Components
[Stateless functional components](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/reusable-components.html#stateless-functions) were introduced in  [React's 0.14 release](https://facebook.github.io/react/blog/2015/10/07/react-v0.14.html). 
Instead of using the `React.createClass` method or ES6 classes, components are written as functions with props as the parameter. 

A stateless functional component is essentially just the render method of a React class. 
By stripping everything else away, you get a simpler way to make React components, albeit with a few limitations.

#### Pros

* No need to use this `this` keyword! You don't have to deal with state / methods, and your props are passed in as a parameter.
* Less boilerplate. As your component is simply a function, free of the contraints of a React component class, the amount of boilerplate in creating a stateless functional component is greatly reduced.
This makes it so the resulting code for you component is concise and and clear.
* Clearly seperates your concerns. This is important when you're seperating your application into container and presentational components.

#### Cons
* No way to retain internal state.
* No access to component lifecycle methods (ie ComponentDidMount).

### Container vs Presentational Components

A common design pattern to follow when creating React components is to seperate them into container and presentational components.
**Container** components handle the logic in an application (how things work). They handle state, fetch data, and contain the logic that determines what components are rendered.
They do not actually render any DOM markup themselves, but instead use presentational components to do so.
**Presentational** components concern themselves with how things look. They have no knowledge of state or how data is being mutated.
Instead, their only job is to take in data (in the form of props) and render DOM markup. 

For a more in depth explanation, take a look at [Dan Abramov's blog post](https://medium.com/@dan_abramov/smart-and-dumb-components-7ca2f9a7c7d0) on the subject. 


## Redux

### Actions

### Reducers

### Store

## Getting Started
